Awesome Story
by Blazingamer

     There once was an awesome story.  This story was so 
awesome it made everybody cry.  Soon the world's oceans 
became a pool of tears, which didn't really impact the world
too much because the oceans were already made of salt water.  
However, the freshwater bays(??) that were connected changed
and all the fish in them died.  Fishermen soon became 
bankrupt and had to quit their jobs.  With no fish, cultures
started to collapse and people began to starve.  Eventually 
they found another food source but it never filled the void 
in the people's stomachs like the freshwater fish.
     Soon a warrior rose from one of the fishing villages 
impacted by this loss.  Spear in hand, he boarded in a small
dingy in search for food.  For forty long days and nights he
drifted on the ocean of salt-water waves.  Tired and 
starving, on the forty-first night, he saw a great creature 
splashing its tail in the sea.  The warrior jumped to his 
feet, brought his spear back as far as he could, then lunged
it through the air.  His aim was dead-on and the creature 
sunk quickly.
     The warrior dove into the water and decended into the 
dark depths, swimming after this being that was large enough
to feed his home village for months.  There in the corner of
his eye he saw it, the great white whale!  They both drew 
their swords and had a battle so epic that even George 
Washington of the United States would have been in tears 
from its sheer beauty of gore and action.
     It was a hard fought battle, after three weeks of slashes and stabs, the two opponents were tired and swimming in a pool of their own red blood.  This was it, this had to be finished now or never.  The whale with a burst of energy swam full speed at the warrior.  Determined not to lose and to save his people, the man flew into the sky like a rocket and landed on top of the white beast.  Sword to the air, he spun it around then thrust its blade as hard as he could into the top of the blubberous monster.  A cry of pain from the creature pierced the sound of crashing waves for miles.  It was finally over.
     A hard fought victory gave the warrior pride in his work and he tied the tail of the whale to his boat.  He sailed back to the bay on which his town was founded with his trophy from the sea, to feed the people with its meat and fat. 
     Upon his arrival, he was cheered and welcomed back by many.  That evening they feasted and partied, honoring the warrior and thanking him for bringing back such great amounts of food. A statue was erected in his greatness for all to see and his name soon became known across that land.  The man was a hero that all people knew of until 2 years later when a tidal wave came crashing in and destroyed the town and all memories with it.  All that remains is this story because it is awesome.
