The Last Slayer
by M

Cold. And white. It was the fifth day of the third month, a few weeks from the Vernal Equinox, but one would have never known atop this mountain.

Many years had passed since his village was burned to the ground. So many years. His family, his friends, his loved ones, everyone and everything he knew, turned to ash in a few short hours, with only himself left to mourn it all. No one came to help; no one could. Who, in that vast kingdom, could ever hope to defeat a dragon that large, that ferocious?

And yet, he has. Since embarking on his quest to rid the world of these terrible beasts, he has slain over a dozen, of various sizes and temperments. Some were larger than the beast that had razed his home. But none were him. None were that monster that grinned as a defenseless village crumbled and returned to the ether from whence it came.

The cliff had come to an end; he had reached his destination. If the weather weren't so poor, he would have been able to see miles around. But that wasn't why he had made this journey. He had no desire to see the world from atop a mere mountain. No, it was what lived there that pressed him to traverse such a 
terrifying terrain.

Not ten feet in front of him lay his life-long foe. He was larger, and the black speckled scales that marked him in his youth had finally given way to the pure white of a full grown Snow Mountain breed, but it was unmistakeably him. His wings appeared weak, as though he hadn't flown in decades; the slayer almost felt sorry for wishing to kill the beast. Almost.

As he swung his claymore high into the air, the dragon awoke, and the man and monster looked into each other's eyes, and in an instant, they understood each-other. The last of a decimated village, and the last of a proud race. Neither had any companions, neither knew anything more to life than their loneliness, a loneliness so vast and dark as to rival the endless abyss.

For once in nearly fifty years, the dragon slayer felt genuine sympathy, and for the one creature he despised the most. His arms fell slowly, until his large blade was no longer in a position to kill. The dragon stared at him, with eyes full of fear and sadness, not because he knew his end was near, but because of how long he had gone without company, and the thought that if this man didn't kill him today, then he would live for centuries more in solitude.

Seeing this, and knowing how horrible it is to be alone, the man clenched his sword, stiffened his jaw, and shut his eyes, and with one terrible swing of his legendary sword, he stole the life of the last of the dragons.

When he opened his eyes, he gazed upon the face of the dead dragon. His attack had cut the diamond-hard skull in half, but it had been such a clean cut; if it weren't for the blood one would have thought it still whole. His eyes were closed, and his mouth turned to an obvious smile, having been released from his lonesome prison.

The slayer continued to stare at the monster, and suddenly, he found himself thinking about how majestic these beasts were. Intelligent like man, and capable of flight, their breath can bring death or sow life. Some were social,
some not; they had preferred diets, and even leasure activities. Beautiful creatures, and now, not one walked the earth, nor flew through the skies.

Tears began to stream down the warrior's face. He had single-handedly deprived the world, and all the future generations of man, a beast that could inspire song, legend, and even invention. His body felt tired, his heart heavy, and he came to rest beside the corpse of his foe. Slowly, but softly, his end came.